Add WireGuard support for Calico CNI (#10037)
kubernetes/kops: docs/networking/calico.md

      typhaReplicas: 3
```

> ### Configuring WireGuard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuring WireGuard
{{ kops_feature_table(kops_added_default='1.19', k8s_min='1.16') }}

```

> Calico supports WireGuard to encrypt pod-to-pod traffic. If you enable this options, WireGuard is installed in OS and WireGuard encryption is automatically enabled for all nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calico supports WireGuard to encrypt pod-to-pod traffic. If you enable this options, WireGuard encryption is automatically enabled for all nodes. At the moment, kops installs WireGuard automatically only when the host OS is *Ubuntu*. For other OSes, WireGuard has to be part of the base image or installed via a hook.
```
